well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
duty obligations and accusations and
supporting our troops and by our troops
I'm in our healthcare workers and that's
not really a stretch of the imagination
to call that it's not an exaggeration
right now they're in the fight
they're on the frontlines they're the
ones taking the risk and they're not
getting the support they need they
deserve from areas where they should
always be able to count on the support
instead they're catching the blame from
them don't remember 2003-2004 soldiers
our troops literal troops buying their
own armor before they went over their
own optics stuff like that was a
national scandal was a national scandal
because it's a polling to send our
troops to the front line without the
armor they need without the protective
equipment they need and instead of it
being a scandal painting the government
in an incompetent light right now the
government the leadership is trying to
pass the blame down to those on the
front line well they're headed out the
backdoor accusing them headed out the
backdoor so they could be sold huh a
statement said with no evidence
whatsoever nothing presented I'm telling
you if they are going out the backdoor
being sold tell me where I got some
hospitals around me that would love to
buy them
willing to bet you won't be able to do
that because it it's not true it's just
something that was made up to cover up
his shortcomings and then hospitals are
hoarding vents hospitals are the people
who are supposed to have the vents if
they're not in use they should be
released okay you first mr. president
how many vents does the Secret Service
have for you
portable vents and ventilator and
vehicles then set secure locations to
have you treated if they're not in use
they should be released they're sitting
idle right now aren't they lead from the
front sir
set the example I've been talking to a
lot of Docs and nurses over the last
couple weeks whole lot of a whole lot of
them are talking about quitting but
there's one thing that always catches my
my ear when this is over I'm so done I'm
out of here after this when it's over
after this they're not quitting because
of the risk they're quitting because
we're not giving them the support they
deserve and they need they're on the
front lines and they're the subject of
personal attacks attacks on their
character physical attacks and
conspiracy theories wonderful
I would suggest those medical
professionals who are saying stuff like
that when this is over after this I'm
out
I would suggest those are the ones that
we really want because they understand
duty and obligation better than our
leadership when it's over let's see the
thing is when it's over they probably
don't quit because they actually care
about their job they care about the
people they serve they're not really in
it for themselves not as much as I think
people believe it should be a national
scandal that we are sending our troops
to the front lines without their armor
but it's not
because people have abandoned their
sense of duty their obligation anyway
it's just a thought y'all try to have a
good day